Minutes of meetings

Feb 7th 2020:
1. It was decided that each team member will research about the project topic and present in the next meeting.

Feb 11th 2020:
1. Each team member presented their individual topics.
2. The Topics were: 
	a.	Age detection of blogs
	b.	Glassdoor, doctor, restaurants,Amazon reviews. 
	c.	Depression Detection
	d.	Sarcasm Detection
	e.	Catfish detection
	3. Discussed feasibility of each topic in terms of data availability and evaulation methods.

Feb 14th 2020:
1. Went through research papers and checked data availability for each topic.
2. Unanimously decided to go with Sentiment Analysis of Amazon reviews.

Feb 17th 2020:
1. Had a meeting with the professor.
2. Presented the finalised topic to the professor and discussed the expectations of project.
3. Professor suggested us to analyse the out of text property along with the sentiment analysis.

Feb 21st 2020:
1. Had second meeting with the professor.
2. Discussed the topic in detail.
3. Drafted the hypothesis: "Sentiments of the reviews decide the ratings."

Feb 28th 2020:
1. Discussed various methodologies for performing sentiment analysis of the reviews.
2. Had a discussion on 3 to 4 review datasets and finalised the one met our requirements of having overall ratings.
3. Distributed the tasks among all team members as per their skillsets.

March 5th 2020:
For mid term essay submission following individual tasks of team members were decided upon:

Role: Verifier
  Dataset collection, pre-processing and analysis
  Handling the experimental setup

Role: Chair
  Literature review, abstract.
  Polarity detection of the reviews.

Role: Accountant
  Writing the Introduction.
  Writing the conclusion, future work and research on finding correlation between reviews and ratings.

Role: Recorder
  Read papers on related work and help draft the Literature review. 
  Reviewing of introduction part.

Role: Ambassador
  Feature extraction from textual reviews
  Handling the Experimental setup


March 19th 2020:
1. Each team member researched and implemented different Sentiment analysis methods on reviews corpora and presented the results.
2. Discussed on improvements in the methodologies implemented.
3. Had a discussion about feature extraction indetail. 
4. Need for going through more research papers was concluded from the discussion.


March 26th 2020:
1. Each member implemented better modified learning methods.
2. Discussed on various features that can be extracted from the reviews which may affect the ratings prediction.
3. Best performing method was decided based on the % of accuracy achieved in ratings prediction.


April 11th 2020:
1. Found the correlation between all the extracted features and overall ratings.
2. Discussed about results and implemented the changes to improve the overall accuracy of predictions.
3. Distributed the remaining parts of the Final essay among all members.
4. Consolidated the Data and Code on GitHub.
